Add Container for PPA server (#11)
AGH-CEAI/robotics_containers: utils/aegis_packages/README.md

# Private Packages Repo (PPA)

This module enables storing private *.deb packages used for automated container built.

More [here](https://linuxconfig.org/easy-way-to-create-a-debian-package-and-local-package-repository).

> ## Preparing packages
> 
> **Update packages list**:
> 
> Copy all *.deb packages to `./packages` directory.
> 
> 
> **Update packages list**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Preparing packages

**Copy packages:**

Copy all `*.deb` packages into the `./packages` directory.

**Generate package list:**

* After moving all packages to the `./packages` directory, you need to generate the **package list**.  
* On a Debian-based system (e.g., Ubuntu), run the following command inside the `./packages` directory.  
    * There is **no need** to run this inside the container.
```

```bash
dpkg-scanpackages . | gzip -c9  > Packages.gz
```
or
```bash
sudo sh -c 'dpkg-scanpackages . /dev/null | gzip -9c > Packages.gz'
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Done! The PPA server is now ready to serve packages.

```
